docs: multi modalities (#1317)
docarray/docarray: docs/data_types/text/text.md

# 🔤 Text

DocArray supports many different modalities including `Text`.
This section will show you how to load and handle text data using DocArray.

> Storing text in DocArray is as simple as this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can store text in DocArray like this:
```

```python
from docarray import BaseDoc

class MyText(BaseDoc):
    text: str = None

doc = MyText(text='Hello world!')
```

The text can include any type of characters, including emojis:

```python
doc.text = '👋	नमस्ते दुनिया!	你好世界！こんにちは世界！	Привет мир!'
```

## Load text file

If your text data is too long to be written inline or if it is stored in a file, you can also define the url as a [`TextUrl`][docarray.typing.url.text_url.TextUrl] first and then load the text data.

Let's first define a schema:

```python
from docarray import BaseDoc
from docarray.typing import TextUrl

class MyText(BaseDoc):
    text: str = None
    url: TextUrl = None
```

> Next, we can instantiate a `MyText` object with a `url` attribute and load its content to the `text` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you can instantiate a `MyText` object with a `url` attribute and load its content to the `text` field.
```

```python
doc = MyText(
    url='https://www.w3.org/History/19921103-hypertext/hypertext/README.html',
)
doc.text = doc.url.load()

assert doc.text.startswith('<TITLE>Read Me</TITLE>')
```

##  Segment long texts

Often times when you index or search text data, you don’t want to consider thousands of words as one huge string. 

> Instead, some finer granularity would be nice. You can do this by leveraging nested field. For example, let’s split some page content into its sentences by `'.'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, some finer granularity would be nice. You can do this by leveraging nested fields. For example, let’s split some page content into its sentences by `'.'`.
```

```python
from docarray import BaseDoc, DocList

class Sentence(BaseDoc):
    text: str

class Page(BaseDoc):
    content: DocList[Sentence]

long_text = 'First sentence. Second sentence. And many many more sentences.'
page = Page(content=[Sentence(text=t) for t in long_text.split('.')])

page.summary()
```
<details>
    <summary>Output</summary>
    ``` { .text .no-copy }
    📄 Page : 13d909a ...
    └── 💠 content: DocList[Sentence]
        ├── 📄 Sentence : 6725382 ...
        │   ╭────────────────┬─────────────────────╮
        │   │ Attribute      │ Value               │
        │   ├────────────────┼─────────────────────┤
        │   │ text: str      │ First sentence      │
        │   ╰────────────────┴─────────────────────╯
        ├── 📄 Sentence : 17a934c ...
        │   ╭───────────────┬──────────────────────╮
        │   │ Attribute     │ Value                │
        │   ├───────────────┼──────────────────────┤
        │   │ text: str     │  Second sentence     │
        │   ╰───────────────┴──────────────────────╯
        └── ... 2 more Sentence documents
    ```
</details>

> ## Getting started - Predefined `TextDoc`

Reviewer: Link to this at the top :)
